Add documentation for `ttnv3` source of `lorawan-stack-migrate` tool (#991)
TheThingsIndustries/lorawan-stack-docs: doc/content/getting-started/migrating/migrating-between-tts/establish-new-session/_index.md

To migrate your OTAA device from {{% tts %}} Community Edition to {{% tts %}} Cloud without an active session, follow the steps described below.

{{< tabs/container "Migration tool" "Console" "CLI">}}

{{< tabs/tab "Migration tool" >}}

> To migrate devices using the [migration tool]({{< ref "/getting-started/migrating/migration-tool" >}}) without persisting active session use `--ttnv3.no-session` flag, e.g.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To migrate devices using the [migration tool]({{< ref "/getting-started/migrating/migration-tool" >}}) without persisting active session, use the `--ttnv3.no-session` flag:
```

{{< /tabs/container >}}

> If you migrated devices using the [migration tool]({{< ref "/getting-started/migrating/migration-tool" >}}) the process of migrating OTAA devices ends here. Otherwise follow the last steps below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you migrated devices using the [migration tool]({{< ref "/getting-started/migrating/migration-tool" >}}) the process of migrating OTAA devices ends here. Otherwise keep following steps below.
```
